So once again,
we're calling some product and
average to replace these equals zero
values here without using clone.
Or changing what these functions return.
So we're not going to use any of the
techniques we learned in part five with
the ownership tricks.
What we're going to do is we're going
to just do this using references.
Now here, we've actually taken
this a little bit further, and
we're making things a little
bit more complicated.
So we also have these things
called other numbers,
which is like another vector of numbers.
And we're making a tuple of slice one and
slice two, which calls this thing
called first three, which takes
a slice of the first three numbers.
From numbers one as well as numbers to,
sorry,
from numbers as well as other numbers.
So this is a case where we're actually
going to end up with multiple
different lifetimes coexisting,
which is exactly why we're going
to take more time for this one.
So, some products in average,
those are gonna be familiar from before.
We know exactly what to do
to modify those things.
But, this is kind of the the new stuff.
So these first three function, its whole
job is to grab the first three numbers and
a slice out of numbers one and
numbers two.
And then return rather than
returning vexed like this.
We wanna actually return two slices.
And because these are potentially gonna
have interesting lifetime stuff, we're
gonna need to use the lifetime annotations
for this here's a couple of tips on this.
So here's a slice with
lifetime added annotation.
And also,
here's some tips on how to introduce
lifetime annotations to this function.
There's a couple of different
ways to solve this one.
And I realized that
lifetimes are like a syntax,
you really are not going to find
it any other language but rust.
So again, we'll take an extra give
you some extra time on this one and
then go through the solutions as usual.